s:WrapperW2 rdf:type S:Wrapper
s:WrapperW2 S:hasAttribute s:revenue2
s:WrapperW2 S:hasAttribute s:region1
s:revenue2 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:revenue2 owl:sameAs s:Revenue_f
s:region1 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:region1 owl:sameAs s:Region_f
s:WrapperLUT1 rdf:type S:Wrapper
s:WrapperLUT1 S:hasAttribute s:city2
s:WrapperLUT1 S:hasAttribute s:region2
s:city2 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:city2 owl:sameAs s:City_f
s:region2 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:region2 owl:sameAs s:Region_f
s:WrapperW4 rdf:type S:Wrapper
s:WrapperW4 S:hasAttribute s:revenue4
s:WrapperW4 S:hasAttribute s:category1
s:revenue4 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:revenue4 owl:sameAs s:Revenue_f
s:category1 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:category1 owl:sameAs s:Category_f
s:WrapperW1 rdf:type S:Wrapper
s:WrapperW1 S:hasAttribute s:revenue1
s:WrapperW1 S:hasAttribute s:city1
s:revenue1 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:revenue1 owl:sameAs s:Revenue_f
s:city1 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:city1 owl:sameAs s:City_f
s:WrapperW3 rdf:type S:Wrapper
s:WrapperW3 S:hasAttribute s:revenue3
s:WrapperW3 S:hasAttribute s:product1
s:revenue3 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:revenue3 owl:sameAs s:Revenue_f
s:product1 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:product1 owl:sameAs s:Product_f
s:WrapperLUT2 rdf:type S:Wrapper
s:WrapperLUT2 S:hasAttribute s:product2
s:WrapperLUT2 S:hasAttribute s:category2
s:product2 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:product2 owl:sameAs s:Product_f
s:category2 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:category2 owl:sameAs s:Category_f
