s:WrapperW4 rdf:type S:Wrapper
s:WrapperW4 S:hasAttribute s:revenue4
s:WrapperW4 S:hasAttribute s:continent1
s:revenue4 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:revenue4 owl:sameAs s:Revenue_f
s:continent1 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:continent1 owl:sameAs s:Continent_f
s:WrapperW2 rdf:type S:Wrapper
s:WrapperW2 S:hasAttribute s:revenue2
s:WrapperW2 S:hasAttribute s:region1
s:revenue2 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:revenue2 owl:sameAs s:Revenue_f
s:region1 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:region1 owl:sameAs s:Region_f
s:WrapperLUT1 rdf:type S:Wrapper
s:WrapperLUT1 S:hasAttribute s:city2
s:WrapperLUT1 S:hasAttribute s:region2
s:city2 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:city2 owl:sameAs s:City_f
s:region2 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:region2 owl:sameAs s:Region_f
s:WrapperW3 rdf:type S:Wrapper
s:WrapperW3 S:hasAttribute s:revenue3
s:WrapperW3 S:hasAttribute s:country1
s:revenue3 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:revenue3 owl:sameAs s:Revenue_f
s:country1 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:country1 owl:sameAs s:Country_f
s:WrapperLUT3 rdf:type S:Wrapper
s:WrapperLUT3 S:hasAttribute s:country3
s:WrapperLUT3 S:hasAttribute s:continent2
s:country3 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:country3 owl:sameAs s:Country_f
s:continent2 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:continent2 owl:sameAs s:Continent_f
s:WrapperW1 rdf:type S:Wrapper
s:WrapperW1 S:hasAttribute s:revenue1
s:WrapperW1 S:hasAttribute s:city1
s:revenue1 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:revenue1 owl:sameAs s:Revenue_f
s:city1 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:city1 owl:sameAs s:City_f
s:WrapperLUT2 rdf:type S:Wrapper
s:WrapperLUT2 S:hasAttribute s:region3
s:WrapperLUT2 S:hasAttribute s:country2
s:region3 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:region3 owl:sameAs s:Region_f
s:country2 rdf:type S:Attribute
s:country2 owl:sameAs s:Country_f
